Knicks Postgame


The Short Championship History of The New York Knicks

A rare photo – a New York Knick championship team, vintage 1970. One of the original two NBA franchises – along with the Boston Celtics – the Knicks 
have won just two titles in more than 60 years.

The New York Knickerbockers are a team long on history but short on success.

One of only two charter franchises in the NBA, the Knicks have won just two championships since the league’s inception in 1946. By comparison, 
the Boston Celtics, the NBA’s other flagship franchise, have won 17 NBA championships over that same period of time.

Knicks fans are cautiously optimistic that this year’s team is finally heading in the right direction after a decade of disaster that was the
Isiah Thomas regime. Although improving, the Knicks aren’t a championship contender…not yet, at least.




00:06 / 00:15

Jimmy Butler Postgame ❤️
The Knicks won their first NBA title in 1970 when Willis Reed limped onto the court to incent the crowd and his teammates, and Walt "Clyde" 
Frazier played one of the best Game Sevens ever to bury the Los Angeles Lakers. The Knicks beat the Lakers three years later and haven’t 
won a championship since. That’s 37 years without a title, if you’re counting. Knicks fans are.

The Knickerbockers had some success in the early 50s, advancing to the NBA Finals three straight years beginning in 1951. Coach Joe Lapchick 
and stars like Harry "The Horse" Gallatin, Nat "Sweetwater" Clifton and Dick McGuire led those Knicks. who nearly overcame a 3-0 deficit before 
losing to the Rochester Royals in a seven-game series in 1951.

The Knicks made two other championship runs in the 90s with Patrick Ewing at center. They lost to the Houston Rockets in a seven-game NBA Finals in
1994, and then fell to the ascending San Antonio Spurs in 1999, when Ewing was injured and missed the finals.


Don Quixote Text


and vigour, but also a full measure of the faults, of a hasty production. It is often
very literal- barbarously literal frequently- but just as often very loose. He had evidently
a good colloquial knowledge of Spanish, but apparently not much more. It
never seems to occur to him that the same translation of a word will not suit in
every case.

It is often said that we have no satisfactory translation of “Don Quixote.” To
those who are familiar with the original, it savours of truism or platitude to say
so, for in truth there can be no thoroughly satisfactory translation of “Don Quixote”
into English or any other language. It is not that the Spanish idioms are so
utterly unmanageable, or that the untranslatable words, numerous enough no
doubt, are so superabundant, but rather that the sententious terseness to which the
humour of the book owes its flavour is peculiar to Spanish, and can at best be
only distantly imitated in any other tongue.

The history of our English translations of “Don Quixote” is instructive. Shelton’s,
the first in any language, was made, apparently, about 1608, but not published till 1612.
This of course was only the First Part. It has been asserted that the
Second, published in 1620, is not the work of Shelton, but there is nothing to
support the assertion save the fact that it has less spirit, less of what we generally 
understand by “go,” about it than the first, which would be only natural if the first
were the work of a young man writing currente calamo, and the second that of a
middle-aged man writing for a bookseller. On the other hand, it is closer and
more literal, the style is the same, the very same translations, or mistranslations
